Document subclassing Event as an alternative to CustomEvent (#39985)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/customevent/index.md

{{APIRef("DOM")}}{{AvailableInWorkers}}

> The **`CustomEvent`** interface represents events initialized by an application for any purpose. As an alternative, it is also possible to [subclass the `Event` interface](/en-US/docs/Web/Events/Creating_and_triggering_events#adding_custom_data_–_subclassing_event).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`CustomEvent`** interface can be used to attach custom data to an event generated by an application.

As an alternative to `CustomEvent`, you can [subclass the `Event` interface](/en-US/docs/Web/Events/Creating_and_triggering_events#adding_custom_data_–_subclassing_event) to add custom data and behavior.
```

(I think it's better to have the first paragraph just as an overview of what _this interface_ does. And some editorial changes too.)
